README.md, before:

# [Warriorship Quiz](https://www.warriorship.codes/)

This informational quiz is a [PWA (Progressive Web Application)](https://web.dev/what-are-pwas/) made using Angular which can be installed on any device.

![Warrior Logo](src/assets/icons/icon-192x192.png)

## Installation Steps

### iOS Devices

1. Tap on the share menu icon 

   ![Step 1 Image](docs/images/ios_step1.jpg)

2. Tap on the `Add to Home Screen` button
 
   ![Step 2 Image](docs/images/ios_step2.jpg)

3. Tap on the `Add` button in the top right 

   ![Step 3 Image](docs/images/ios_step3.jpg)

### Android Devices

1. Tap on the `Add Warriorship to Home screen` banner 

   ![Step 1 Image](docs/images/android_step1.jpg)

2. Tap on the `Add` button in the bottom right 

   ![Step 2 Image](docs/images/android_step2.jpg)

3. Tap on the `Add Automatically` button in the bottom right 

   ![Step 3 Image](docs/images/android_step3.jpg)

### Computers Using Chrome Browser

1. Click on the `+ Install` button in the top right 

   ![Step 1 Image](docs/images/chrome_step1.jpg)

2. Click on the `Install` button in the bottom right 

   ![Step 2 Image](docs/images/chrome_step2.jpg)

Commit message:

New Questions - Added 2 new questions to pool - Removed menu button ripple effect - Window now scrolls to top when changing questions

README.md, after:

# [Warriorship Quiz](https://www.warriorship.codes/)

This informational quiz is a [PWA (Progressive Web Application)](https://web.dev/what-are-pwas/) made using [Angular](https://angular.io) which can be installed on any device. Each time the quiz is started 10 questions are selected from a pool. Upon completion, the user learns what kind of warrior they are and has the opportunity to share this information via Facebook or Twitter. 

![Warrior Logo](src/assets/icons/icon-192x192.png)

## Installation Steps

### iOS Devices

1. Tap on the share menu icon 

   ![Step 1 Image](docs/images/ios_step1.jpg)

2. Tap on the `Add to Home Screen` button
 
   ![Step 2 Image](docs/images/ios_step2.jpg)

3. Tap on the `Add` button in the top right 

   ![Step 3 Image](docs/images/ios_step3.jpg)

### Android Devices

1. Tap on the `Add Warriorship to Home screen` banner 

   ![Step 1 Image](docs/images/android_step1.jpg)

2. Tap on the `Add` button in the bottom right 

   ![Step 2 Image](docs/images/android_step2.jpg)

3. Tap on the `Add Automatically` button in the bottom right 

   ![Step 3 Image](docs/images/android_step3.jpg)

### Computers Using Chrome Browser

1. Click on the `+ Install` button in the top right 

   ![Step 1 Image](docs/images/chrome_step1.jpg)

2. Click on the `Install` button in the bottom right 

   ![Step 2 Image](docs/images/chrome_step2.jpg)
